10.0.0 (#227)
MetaMask/providers: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [10.0.0]
### Changed

> - Passing configuration options to JSON stream middleware ([#223](https://github.com/MetaMask/providers/pull/223))

Reviewer: This doesn't really describe the impact of the change, which is to retry messages when that message is received.

How does this sound?

```suggestion
- Retry sending messages to extension when `METAMASK_EXTENSION_STREAM_CONNECT` is received ([#223](https://github.com/MetaMask/providers/pull/223))
```

> - **BREAKING:** Updating node ([#225](https://github.com/MetaMask/providers/pull/225))

Reviewer: Nit: Updated to be a but more clear
```suggestion
- **BREAKING:** Update minimum Node.js version to v14 ([#225](https://github.com/MetaMask/providers/pull/225))
```
